>> Kyle Simpson: Now, that's our big kind
of high level overview of the ideas behind
programming, and I just wanna call you
back to this is all the kinda stuff that
we dig into in much more detail than just
now in chapter one of the Up & Going book.
So I strongly encourage you to
kinda go through that chapter,
after you've watched through
this part of the course,
go through that part of the chapter and
just try out the different code.
Really, it's great for
you to actually program along with it,
instead of just reading, or
just listening to me talk.
You wanna actually go through and
try out each of these things and
get your brain really wrapped
around these ideas of values and
operations and things like arrays.
We need to figure out
how to work with those,
cuz you're gonna see those a lot
in the rest of your program.
So you wanna then be able to do loops and
decisions and
even make your own functions.
So definitely check that stuff out,
and then you'll be ready to move on to
the next part of this course, where we're
gonna dive into the deep principles,
what I call the three deep pillars,
principles, of the JavaScript language.